SAMPLE Career Guidance report of Kiran Age : 15 Std : 10 School : B2C Tested On 19/06/2019 1 -- 1 of 21 -- SAM Contents Understanding Your Report Aptitude tests and aptitude scores Curriculum Based Assessment Results Interest Test Results Personality Test Results Vocational Recommendations Student map Career Guidance report of Kiran P Tested On 19/06/2019 2 -- 2 of 21 -- SAM Curriculum Based Test Results This section tests your current knowledge level on subjects being taught at school.The results of this section will show your understanding of various subjects.Having knowledge of basic concepts taught at school is important for further career advancement.This section enables you to understand the areas that you excel at and the areas that you need to work on to pursue a specific career. Career Guidance report of Kiran Understanding Your Report Congratulations, on taking the first step towards career planning. By undergoing our Career Assessment test you have started your career journey on the right foot. We will start by trying to understand what each of the sections in this report mean. Aptitude Test Results This section tests a student’s natural ability or talent to perform certain kinds of things. No prior knowledge is generally required to attend the test. The scores in this section will show what you are naturally good at. E L Tested On 19/06/2019 3 -- 3 of 21 -- SAM Career Guidance report of Kiran Interest Test Results This test shows your interest in various career options.This will help you to find areas that you have a strong interest in and therefore more likely to enjoy work. Personality Test Results Personality is the combination of behaviour, emotion, motivation and thought patterns that define an individual. Your personality is just beginning to form and take shape at this stage and will most likely change with your life experiences.This personality test will give an introduction to exploring yourself. Note: In case the student has not marked enough options, the personality test results will show as ' invalid'. Vocational Recommendation People working in professions that they are naturally good at and interested in are more likely to succeed than people who pick professions that do not match their talent and interest. At the end of this report , you will see 2 or 3 recommended career options based on analysis of your aptitude , subject knowledge and interest test results.These are the best suited career options that you are most likely to enjoy and excel in. Tested On 19/06/2019 4 -- 4 of 21 -- SAM -- 5 of 21 -- SAMSome of the commonly required aptitudes are Career Guidance report of Kiran About Aptitude Test Aptitudes are natural talents, special abilities for doing, or learning to do, certain kinds of things. Manual dexterity, musical ability, spatial visualization, and memory for numbers are examples of such aptitudes. Every occupation -- whether it is engineering, medicine, law or management -- uses certain aptitudes. The work you are most likely to enjoy and be successful in is work that uses your aptitudes. There is a definite relationship between aptitudes and a person's success in certain occupations. People working in professions related to their aptitudes are usually happier and more successful than those who pick careers that don’t match their aptitudes. A career should provide much more than a means of making a living. It should be interesting, pleasant and provide a sense satisfaction and self-worth. Tested On 19/06/2019 6 -- 6 of 21 -- SAM Abstract Reasoning is the ability to logically work with and analyze information non-verbally, the ability to see patterns and relationships, and think laterally. Abstract Reasoning is one of the core and fundamental aptitudes and forms the foundation of success across several careers such as: computer programming, data analysis, medical and paramedical fields, law, management careers, chemistry based careers and so forth. It is also an important aptitude for careers such as engineering, psychology, administrative services and so on. Speed and Accuracy measures speed of perception, momentary retention and speed of response. Speed and Accuracy is important for success in careers such as: data entry, clerical and administrative positions, working on the shop-floor, and any job that calls for speed along with high accuracy levels. Spatial Reasoning is the ability to mentally manipulate objects in three- dimensional space. This test assesses how well the student can understand, imagine and visualize objects in space and from different angles and later process this information constructively. Spatial Reasoning, as an aptitude is a core requirement for careers such as: medicine and surgery, dentistry, paramedical fields, architecture, photography, all designing based careers, aviation, astrophysics, astronomy, visual arts and so forth. It is also an important aptitude for careers such as computer animation, graphics, game development and so on. Abstract Reasoning\[AR\] Speed & Accuracy\[SAT\] Spatial Reasoning\[SR\] Career Guidance report of Kiran Tested On19/06/2019 7 -- 7 of 21 -- SAM Mechanical Reasoning is the ability to understand basic mechanical principles of machinery, tools and motion. This test measures the student’s understanding as well as application of physics. Mechanical Reasoning is the core aptitude for all engineering and physics based careers. Additionally, it is a key aptitude for success in careers like industrial designing, product designing, technical careers and so on. Numerical Ability refers to the understanding of numerical relationships and understanding of numerical concepts. Numerical ability, along with verbal ability, often forms the core of academic success. Numerical Ability, as an aptitude is a core requirement for various careers such as: engineering, computers and IT, chartered accountancy, architecture, costing, banking and insurance, chemistry and physics based careers, and various finance careers. It is also an important aptitude for other careers such as management, economics, marketing, actuaries and so forth. Verbal Ability refers to the ability to deal with word symbols and understand complex verbal relationships. This test measures the student’s vocabulary, word fluency, and verbal comprehension. Verbal ability often forms the core of academic success, along with numerical ability, and as such is a skill required across various careers. Verbal Ability & Comprehension as an aptitude is important for various careers such as: language-based careers, mass media, communications, journalism, social sciences, law, hospitality, public relations and so forth. It is also an important aptitude for a multitude of other careers such as management, event management, administrative careers and so forth. Mechanical Reasoning\[MR\] Numerical Reasoning\[NA\] Verbal Ability\[VA\] Career Guidance report of Kiran Tested On19/06/2019 8 -- 8 of 21 -- SAM AR:Abstract Reasoning\[Below Average\] SR:Spatial Reasoning\[Average\] NA:Numerical Reasoning\[Above Average\] VA:Verbal Ability\[Superior\] MR:Mechanical Reasoning\[Average\] SAT:Speed & Accuracy\[Below Average\] Tested On19/06/2019 SAT SR MR NA VA AR 9 -- 9 of 21 -- SAM -- 10 of 21 -- SAM -- 11 of 21 -- SAM -- 12 of 21 -- SAM -- 13 of 21 -- SAM -- 14 of 21 -- SAM Personality Career Guidance report of Kiran Personality Test Results Tested On 19/06/2019 15 -- 15 of 21 -- SAM -- 16 of 21 -- SAM -- 17 of 21 -- SAMPLE By taking XXX's aptitude test scores, personality profile, curriculum based assessment scores and interest profile into account, the below options are being suggested to him/her. Kiran aptitude test scores, personality profile, curriculum based assessment scores and interests into account, several options can be suggested to him/her Vocational Recommendation 1: Government and Public Administration Based on Kiran 's scores the following fields can be pursued by him/her. Domain Area Suggested Courses State Civil Services Via the State Civil Services Examination , after XII/ graduation Law Bachelors course in Law (LLB) Vocational Recommendation 2: Social Sciences He/She can also look at pursuing a career in below areas. Domain Area Suggested Courses Psychology Bachelor of Arts -BA Social work Bachelor of Social Work - BSW Sociology Bachelor of Arts -BA Political Science Bachelor of Arts -BA History Bachelor of Arts -BA Teaching Bachelor of Arts -BA Bachelor of Arts Bachelor of Arts -BA Career Guidance report of Kiran Vocational Recommendations Tested On19/06/2019 18 -- 18 of 21 -- SAM Vocational Recommendation 3: Media , Arts and Entertainment His/Her scores also indicate that he/she can pursue a career in below fields. Domain Area Suggested Courses Mass Media/ Media Studies Bachelor of Mass Media /Bachelor of Media Studies Advertising Bachelor of Media Studies Film Making Bachelor of Mass Media -(BMM) Script writing Diploma in scriptwriting /Certificate in script writing/ Bachelors in Screenwriting Editing Diploma in editing /Certificate in editing Direction Bachelor of Film making - BA Journalism Bachelor of Journalism - BA Career Guidance report of Kiran Vocational Recommendations Tested On19/06/2019 19 -- 19 of 21 -- SAM Key Aptitude Verbal Ability Numerical Reasoning Spatial Reasoning Personality The Defenders Suggested Careers Government and Public Administration Social Sciences Media , Arts and EntertainmentTop scoring subjects Social Science English Science Career Guidance report of Kiran Student Map The student map is a summary of Kiran strengths and suggested stream and careers. Tested On 19/06/2019 20 -- 20 of 21 -- Tested On 19/06/2019 Career Guidance report of Kiran www.margforyou.com support@margforyou.com -- 21 of 21 --